Add documentation for the CDS Health tool. (#9636)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/integration-tools/health-tool.md

## Usage

> The Ballerina Health tool has following usages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina Health tool has the following usages.
```

> The Ballerina Health tool has two primary usages.

Reviewer: or three now?

> The Ballerina Health tool has three primary usages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ballerina Health tool has following usages.
```

> The Ballerina Health tool supports two main usages as follows.

Reviewer 3: Shall we change this to, "The main uses of the Ballerina Health tool are as follows:"

Author: Updated: The Ballerina Health tool has two primary usages.

- [**FHIR package generation:**](#fhir-package-generation) generate a Ballerina package from a given FHIR implementation guide.
- [**FHIR template generation:**](#fhir-template-generation) generate Ballerina templates for FHIR APIs from a given FHIR implementation guide.

> - [**CDS template generation:**](#cds-template-generation) generate Ballerina templates for FHIR APIs from a given FHIR implementation guide.

Reviewer 3: CDS description is same as FHIR template description

Author: Updated: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/f64bf61fdea84f1436f789c8637eacf16e432475

        }
    ],
    "id":"1"
   }
   ```

## CDS template generation

> A Ballerina service template can be generated from the given CDS hook definitions. This template will also include basic functionalities such as validation, prefetch, etc., and it will facilitate the developers' implementation of the required connection with the external decision support system to run the CDS server. The generated Ballerina service project will be written into the provided output location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Ballerina service template can be generated from CDS hook definitions. This template will also include basic functionalities such as validation, prefetch, etc., and it will facilitate the developers' implementation of the required connection with the external decision support system to run the CDS server. The generated Ballerina service project will be written into the provided output location.
```

Supported CDS version: [2.0](https://cds-hooks.hl7.org/2.0)

### Template generation usage

```
$ bal health cds
            [--org-name] <template-organization-name>
            [--package-name] <name-of-the-package>
            [--package-version] <version-of-the-package>
            [-o | --output] <output-location>
            [-i | --input] <cds-hook-definitions-file-path>
```

> ### CDS template generation command options

Reviewer: Should this be 
```suggestion
#### CDS template generation command options
```

| Command option      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Mandatory/Optional |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |

> | `-i, --input`       | Users need to define the CDS hook definitions in the input file. The given CDS hooks input will be used to generate the Ballerina service. Only the TOML file type is acceptable.  | Mandatory          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-i, --input`       | The input file with CDS hook definitions which will be used to generate the Ballerina service. Only TOML files are accepted.  | Mandatory          |
```

> | `--org-name`        | The organization name is to be used for the generated Ballerina template. For more information, see <a href="https://ballerina.io/learn/package-references/#the-org-field" target="_blank"> the <code>org</code> field</a>.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--org-name`        | The organization name to be used for the generated Ballerina template. For more information, see <a href="https://ballerina.io/learn/package-references/#the-org-field" target="_blank"> the <code>org</code> field</a>.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |
```

> | `--org-name`        | Organization name of the Ballerina template to be generated. For more information, see <a href="https://ballerina.io/learn/package-references/#the-org-field" target="_blank"> the <code>org</code> field</a>.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--org-name`        | Organization name to be used for the generated Ballerina package. For more information, see <a href="https://ballerina.io/learn/package-references/#the-org-field" target="_blank"> the <code>org</code> field</a>.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |
```

Let's make this consistent.

> | `--package-name`    | Name of the Ballerina package to be generated. The package name can be explicitly set using this argument. If not specified, the default name `health.fhir.templates.crd` will be used to construct the name of the package.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--package-name`    | Package name to be used for the generated Ballerina package. If not specified, `health.fhir.templates.crd` will be used to construct the name of the package.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |
```

Used or will it be exactly that? If the latter, would say "If not specified, `health.fhir.templates.crd` will be used as the package name."

> | `--package-version` | The version of the Ballerina template is to be generated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Optional           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--package-version` | The version to be used for the generated Ballerina template.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Optional           |
```

> | `--package-version` | The version of the Ballerina template to be generated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Optional           |

Reviewer: Says template. Shall we update similar to the others?

Author: This CLI tool will generate a Ballerina template, so the name template is correct here. I'll update it in other places.

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/32049b16b4133f88d330588883c2f767fb2421be

#### Create the CDS definition file

Create a TOML file with the CDS hook definitions. Refer to [CDS specifications](https://cds-hooks.hl7.org/2.0/#response) for more information about the attributes.

Sample `cds-definitions.toml` file:

```
[[cds_services]]
id = "static-patient-greeter"
hook = "patient-view"
title = "Static CDS Service Example"
description = "An example of a CDS Service that returns a static set of cards"
usageRequirements = "Note: functionality of this CDS Service is degraded without access to a FHIR Restful API as part of CDS recommendation generation."
[cds_services.prefetch]
patientToGreet = "Patient/{{context.patientId}}"

[[cds_services]]
id = "book-imaging-center"
hook = "order-dispatch"
title = "Book an imaging center"
description = "This hook can be used when booking imaging center"
```

#### Generate the templates

Follow the steps below to run the Health tool and generate the Ballerina templates for CDS for the given hook definitions.

1. Navigate to the working directory that contains the CDS hook definitions file.

2. Run the tool with the [required command options](#cds-template-generation-command-options) to generate the Ballerina template.

```

> $ bal health cds --org-name wso2 --package-name cds_service  --package-version 1.0.0 -i cds-conf.toml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ bal health cds --org-name wso2 --package-name cds_service  --package-version 1.0.0 -i cds-definitions.toml
```

        }
    ],
    "id":"1"
   }
   ```

## CDS template generation

Generate a Ballerina service template from the given CDS hook definitions. This template will also include basic functionalities such as validation, prefetch, etc., and it will facilitate the developers' implementation of the required connection with the external decision support system to run the CDS server. The generated Ballerina service project will be written into the provided output location.

Supported CDS version: [2.0] https://cds-hooks.hl7.org/2.0

### Template generation usage

```

> $ bal health fhir

Reviewer 3: fhir -> cds

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/f64bf61fdea84f1436f789c8637eacf16e432475

| `--package-name`    | Name of the Ballerina package to be generated. The package name can be explicitly set using this argument. Unless specified, the default name `health.fhir.templates.crd` will be taken to construct the name of the package.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |
| `--package-version` | The version of the Ballerina template to be generated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Optional           |

> | `-i, --input`       | Only the TOML file type is acceptable. Users need to define the CDS hook definitions in the input file. The given CDS hooks input will be used to generate the Ballerina service. | Mandatory          |

Reviewer 3: shall we keep Optional fields together?

Author: Updated: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/f64bf61fdea84f1436f789c8637eacf16e432475

        }
    ],
    "id":"1"
   }
   ```

## CDS template generation

> Generate a Ballerina service template from the given CDS hook definitions. This template will also include basic functionalities such as validation, prefetch, etc., and it will facilitate the developers' implementation of the required connection with the external decision support system to run the CDS server. The generated Ballerina service project will be written into the provided output location.

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/a0e20f298808d9ae10b4a7dff02310622a2d4dd9#diff-1f0e7b507a5200e9ce00cab6f9089230b0612d515b945bfdf19ad4512070e123L429

> Supported CDS version: [2.0] https://cds-hooks.hl7.org/2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported CDS version: [2.0](https://cds-hooks.hl7.org/2.0)
```

### Template generation usage

```
$ bal health cds
            [--org-name] <template-organization-name>

>             [--package-name] <fully-qualified-name-of-package>

Reviewer 3: `fully-qualified-name-of-package` -> `fully-qualified-name-of-cds-package` ?

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/a0e20f298808d9ae10b4a7dff02310622a2d4dd9#diff-1f0e7b507a5200e9ce00cab6f9089230b0612d515b945bfdf19ad4512070e123R438

            [--package-version] <version-of-the-package>
            [-o | --output] <output-location>
            [-i | --input] <cds-hook-definitions-file-path>
```

### CDS template generation command options

| Command option      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Mandatory/Optional |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |

> | `-i, --input`       | Only the TOML file type is acceptable. Users need to define the CDS hook definitions in the input file. The given CDS hooks input will be used to generate the Ballerina service. | Mandatory          |

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/a0e20f298808d9ae10b4a7dff02310622a2d4dd9#diff-1f0e7b507a5200e9ce00cab6f9089230b0612d515b945bfdf19ad4512070e123R448

> | `--package-name`    | Name of the Ballerina package to be generated. The package name can be explicitly set using this argument. Unless specified, the default name `health.fhir.templates.crd` will be taken to construct the name of the package.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--package-name`    | Name of the Ballerina package to be generated. The package name can be explicitly set using this argument. Unless specified, the default name `health.fhir.templates.crd` will be used to construct the name of the package.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |
```

> | `--package-name`    | Name of the Ballerina package to be generated. The package name can be explicitly set using this argument. Unless specified, the default name `health.fhir.templates.crd` will be used to construct the name of the package.                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |

Reviewer 3: We aren't generating a package here ryt? Maybe something like, `Name of the Ballerina package to be generated`-> `Name of the Ballerina package to be referred` might give the correct idea. WDYT?

Author: Here, --package-name didn't refer to any other external packages referring to it. It's the name of the CDS template package name.

| `-o, --output`      | Location of the generated Ballerina artifacts. If this path is not specified, the output will be written to the same directory from which the command is run.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Optional           |

> | `-i, --input`       | Only the TOML file type is acceptable. Users need to define the CDS hook definitions in the input file. The given CDS hooks input will be used to generate the Ballerina service. | Mandatory          |

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better to list the mandatory ones first?

Author: Fixed: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/d56d7b0c5b4500a8b1f6a083042559b342d896ce

### Template generation example

Follow the steps below to try out an example CDS template generation use case of the Health tool.

#### Create CDS definition file

> Create a TOML file with the CDS hook definitions. Refer to CDS specifications for more information about the attributes: https://cds-hooks.hl7.org/2.0/#response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a TOML file with the CDS hook definitions. Refer to [CDS specifications](https://cds-hooks.hl7.org/2.0/#response) for more information about the attributes.
```

> For example `cds-definitions.toml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample `cds-definitions.toml` file:
```

```
[[cds_services]]
id = "static-patient-greeter"
hook = "patient-view"
title = "Static CDS Service Example"
description = "An example of a CDS Service that returns a static set of cards"
usageRequirements = "Note: functionality of this CDS Service is degraded without access to a FHIR Restful API as part of CDS recommendation generation."
[cds_services.prefetch]
patientToGreet = "Patient/{{context.patientId}}"

[[cds_services]]
id = "book-imaging-center"
hook = "order-dispatch"
title = "Book an imaging center"
description = "This hook can be used when booking imaging center"
```

#### Generate the templates

Follow the steps below to run the Health tool and generate the Ballerina templates for CDS for the given hook definitions.

> 1. Navigate to the working directory that contains CDS hook definitions file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the working directory that contains the CDS hook definitions file.
```

2. Run the tool with the [required command options](#cds-template-generation-command-options) to generate the Ballerina template.

```
$ bal health cds --org-name wso2 --package-name cds_service  --package-version 1.0.0 -i cds-conf.toml
[INFO] Ballerina CDS service template generation completed successfully. The generated project can be found at /Users/tom/Desktop/working_directory/generated-template/cds_service

```

The generated folder (i.e., working_directory/template-generation/cds_service) will contain the following directory structure.

```
.
├── Ballerina.toml
├── Config.toml
├── Package.md
├── decision_engine_connector.bal
├── interceptor.bal
├── service.bal
└── utils.bal
```

#### Use the generated templates

Follow the steps below to use the generated CDS service template.
1. Navigate to the generated working_directory/template-generation/cds_service/ directory.

2. Complete the decision system connectivity implementation. The `decision_engine_connector` file contains placeholder functions that must be implemented to connect with external decision systems. Please follow the instructions in that file itself.

> > **Info:** You can use VS Code to open the generated Ballerina templates for FHIR APIs and implement the business logic in it. It has Ballerina language support via an extension, which assists on both syntactic and semantic aspects.

Author: Linked the extension: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9636/commits/a0e20f298808d9ae10b4a7dff02310622a2d4dd9#diff-1f0e7b507a5200e9ce00cab6f9089230b0612d515b945bfdf19ad4512070e123R516

> Sample implementation for a placeholder functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample implementation for a placeholder function:
```

```

> isolated function connectDecisionSystemForBookImagingCenter(cds:CdsRequest cdsRequest, string hookId) returns cds:CdsResponse|cds:CdsError {

Author: Maybe yes. These records are defined in another package: https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-health.fhir.r4/blob/main/cds/records.bal.

We will create a ticket to update the respective package.
https://github.com/wso2-enterprise/open-healthcare/issues/1686

        detail: "Obtain prior authorization to avoid claim denials and patient financial liability. Contact: For questions,reach out to the insurance provider or billing department.",
        suggestions: [{label: "Kindly get pri-authorization"}],
        selectionBehavior: "at-most-one",
        links: [{label: "Prior-auth", url: "https://www.acmehealth.com/policies/lab-coverage", 'type: cds:ABSOLUTE}]
    };

    cds:Card card2 = {
        summary: "Alternative centers",
        indicator: "info",
        'source: {
            label: "Static CDS Service Example",
            url: "https://example.com",
            icon: "https://example.com/img/icon-100px.png"
        },
        detail: "Discuss alternative imaging centers with patients to enhance access and affordability. For assistance, reach out to the facility's scheduling department or insurance provider.",
        suggestions: [
            {label: "The selected imaging center is far away from your location. Please select nearby one. Suggested: Asiri labs : Col - 3"}
        ],
        selectionBehavior: "any"
    };

    cdsResponse.cards.push(card1);
    cdsResponse.cards.push(card2);
    return cdsResponse;
}
```

> 3. Run the service and verify the output response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the service.
```

Not really verifying anything here, right?
